1.How many players on the tournament? is it variable?
-variable

2.If tournament has less than the full complement of players,
how we handle it?
-
3.Should the ordering of who plays each other be random or ordered
by input order?
-the ordering of the tournament should be random

4.Should we schedule the games or are they just played whenever?
The games should be played in whatever order and whenever the players
want to play?

5.If the games are scheduled, how does the system know when to 
schedule games for?
-They are not scheduled so we don't care.

6.If the games are played whenever, can a game from the second round
be played before the first round is complete?
-No. Each round should be fully completed before the next round is 
complete.

7.Does the system need to store a score of some kind or just who won?
Storing a simple score would be nice. Just a number for each player.
That way, the tracker can be flexible enoughto handle a checkers tournament
(the winner would have a 1 and the loser a 0) or a basketball tournament
8.What type of front-end should this system have(form, webpage, app, etc)?

-The system should be a desktop system for now, but down the road 
we might want to turn it into an app or website.
(should push a lot of our code in some sort of dll or storage, 
where we can disconnect user interface easily and put new one on)

9.Where will the date be stored?
-Ideally, the data should be stored in a Microsoft SQL database, but
please put in an option to store to a text file instead.

10.Will this system handle entry fees, prizes or other payouts?
-Yes. The tournament should have the option of charging an entry fee.
Prizes should also be an option, where the tournament administrator
chooses how much money to award a variable number of places. The
total cash amount should not exceed the income from the tournament.
A percentage-based system would also be nice to specify.

11.What type of reporting is needed?
-A simple report specifying the outcome of games per round as well as a 
report that specifies who won and how much they won. These can be 
just displayed on a form or they can be emailed to tournament 
competitors and the administrator.

12.Who can fill in the results of a game?
-Anyone using the application shold be able to fill in the game score

13.Are there varying levels of access?
-No. The only method of varied access is if competitors are not
allowed into the application and instead, they do everything via
email.

14.Should this system contact users about upcoming games?
-Yes, the system should email users that they are due to play in a
round as well as who they are scheduled to play.(generic)

15.Is each player on their own or can teams use this tournament 
tracker?
-The tournament tracker should be able to handle the addition of 
other members. All members should be treated as equals in that they 
all get tournament emails. Teams should also be able to name their 
team.


